Magnus ice and he's a Voltron clip 13
you know with all these clips out I just
said fucking I'm gonna check them out in
arms and fuck it let's do it am a little
fun until I can see the full thing these
clips ain't nothing but a minute here 30
seconds there 10 seconds here I'm good
it ain't gonna ruin the experience for
me so for all you that love the clips
stay tuned cuz I got no incoming that
gotta check out that one with the vision
I let's do this
yeah
that clip was hot right there I like
that one that might have been my
favorite clip clip not true I might have
been my favorite clips so far yeah this
movie's gonna be epic and yeah I'm not
gonna say nothing but I'm pretty much
people want to be dicks so none of these
videos are gonna have the comments
section open I think most of you know
why so just so you know all right the
move after the movie comes out I open up
to the comment section again I subscribe
this